# TotKDragonTracker
This is a tracker that stores previously entered information about your dragon locations in The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom and tells you where they will be at any desired time in the future. It's still somewhat WIP for now, but it should be functional at the very least (I know it's not pretty). It contains an application that opens in command line, maps of each dragon's path with their positions marked at each in-game hour, and produces a save file in .csv format. I'm still working on a system that communicates the locations of dragons in text form (most likely in addition to the current position-on-map system, and maybe if I'm feeling wild, a system that literally shows a dragon on a map (still kind of a baby programmer tho, so this might be a reach).

Whether you're using the tracker or not, you'll need to know a few things about how the dragons move through Hyrule. I have personally tested and verified that 1) dragons move along their path no matter where Link is at any given moment, as long as they are loaded in. Because of this, 2) their movement is paused when Link is inside a shrine as they are not loaded for that map and 3) they are unaffected by campfires. This is why I included a timeSkip command. If you enter a shrine or rest at a campfire/inn, keep track of how much time was spent there and input it with timeSkip or your dragon locations will be wrong. Happy hunting!

This program also includes a day counter. You can use anything else if you prefer and input the in-game day manually. The in-app day counter saves to a .txt file every time it is updated, if you want to use this for stream overlays, etc. Just make sure you can access this number during your dragon farming.
